Hold me
You're about to get married, it's not easy
Don't forget you're my significant other tonight
Hey
I heard that Mr. Ji is getting married
Is the girl next to him his fiancee?
Hey, how is that possible?
Mr. Ji's fiancee is the eldest lady of the Guan family
It was here just now
Susan, if you dare to shave your face and be your girlfriend in court
See how I clean up your Mr. Ji
I'm going to socialize
You help me first
Ah, how dare you hit me?
I'll tell you what.
Just because I don't pay attention to you doesn't mean I'm easy to bully.
Su Ran, you are too shameless
You are a female companion to the banquet
What do you mean?
Do you think I'm protesting publicly?
Don't get me wrong, remember
I can't help it if you have to think so.
You're still arguing
I have known you for so many years
I know what's on your mind
You think you are relying on Mr. Ji's love for you
Can you do whatever you want
I won't let you go this time
What do you mean?
What are you doing? Don't move!
Somebody help me! What are you doing?